seven steps to ranking number one on
YouTube as someone that spends a lot of
time on their YouTube channel I promise
you that I totally get the frustration
when your videos just aren't ranking
well all that time and effort for
nothing right what a drag YouTube has
1.7 billion unique monthly visitors 62
of them who access the platform daily
and visitors spend an average of 19
minutes every single day on the platform
simply put there are a lot of people who
are using YouTube every day which means
there's a ton of market share to be
captured if you can apply the right
methods for ranking on YouTube you can
do really well and I'm going to teach
you how in just simple seven steps step
number one perform keyword research this
is what will ultimately make it easiest
for your audience to find you and find
you is how you get shared in other words
if no one finds you you're not going to
get any views so I want you to go to
answerthepublic.com put in keywords and
it'll show you all the other keywords
that are trending right now and are
super popular and people are searching
for today and that data is continually
updated on a daily basis it even tells
you the popularity of those keywords you
can do the same with another tool called
ubersuggest.com put in a keyword and
it'll give you a laundress uber says
gives you more keywords as a public
focus on more what's trending today
step number two once you have those
keywords in the popular ones incorporate
them within your title match your search
intent with the content in your video
and how you describe it on your platform
so it should be within the title and the
video should be on that topic if you're
just putting the keyword within the
title the video is not really on it
you're not going to do well because
people are just going to bounce away
from your video in the first few seconds
and it's going to hurt your rankings
step three optimize your video
description and video file YouTube
recommends putting the most important
keywords in the first couple sentences
of your description and make sure the
description is under 200 words and make
sure you add the keywords to the file
name as well step four use the right
hashtags you want to add hashtags to
your video descriptions and your titles
so that your video comes up when users
search for a specific hashtag that's
super important because if you're not
using Hashtags with the right keywords
you're going to have less
discoverability with your videos and
you're going to see that your videos are
going to get suggested less over time as
well
step five select the right category look
when someone searches for a particular
video with Advanced options they can
optimize their search to only show
videos from that specific category so
you don't want to just select the most
generic category you want to select the
most relevant category to the videos
you're creating step 6 upload a custom
thumbnail YouTube recommends using
images that are 1280 by 720 pixels and
saved as two megabytes or smaller it's
all about that thumbnail if no one's
really clicking on the thumbnail you're
not going to do well so you want
thumbnails that pop grab people's
attention sometimes have data in them
and you'll find that people click
through and watch your video step seven
use SRT file to add subtitles and closed
captions you can use this feature to
highlight important keywords and I know
YouTube can automatically quote unquote
transcribe your video and add the
subtitles even if you don't upload an
SRT file but it's not the same uploading
one really does help with your rankings
now if you need help with your YouTube
SEO or even your social media marketing
check out my Ad Agency NP digital where
we help a lot of big Brands and even
small medium Brands throughout the whole
world with their social media marketing
and we've won tons of awards for it if
you also have any questions leave a
comment below I'm here to help and
answer them if you enjoy the video like
it share it tell people about it thank
you very much